Dawn Abriel: SO IT'S MARCH 15 2020
Dawn Abriel: For the fourth time I'm waiting for James Johnson.
Dawn Abriel: He's not here.
Dawn Abriel: Good morning.
Dawn Abriel: You have audio.
TCL A501DL: Hello.
Dawn Abriel: Hi. There you go.
TCL A501DL: There we go.
Dawn Abriel: Alright, let's see if we can finish up this intake.
Dawn Abriel: I think I read in another paper that your last drink was the 28th of February. Is that right,
TCL A501DL: Oh my drink like an alcoholic beverage. Yeah, yeah. Without wrong. The last dream that I had was in Christmas I mean at Christmas.
TCL A501DL: Okay, last year.
Dawn Abriel: So 1225
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: So, these questions are a little different for someone who's not on opioids, but was was your alcohol use. Did it take up a lot of your day.
TCL A501DL: Oh, it was interesting.
Dawn Abriel: Yep. In and out.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, oh yeah.
TCL A501DL: They used up a lot of my day sometimes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you first started doing any illicit drug
About
TCL A501DL: 12
Dawn Abriel: And what was that you started with.
TCL A501DL: Smoking weed.
Dawn Abriel: And then when did you start drinking
TCL A501DL: When I was about 13 minutes. Cool.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: And did has it resulted in problems with relationships and work and school
TCL A501DL: With relationships.
Okay.
TCL A501DL: And
Dawn Abriel: Is this the first program you've been in
TCL A501DL: More or less. Kind of, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Have you ever been hospitalized for a mental illness.
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay. And what would you say your stress level is like right now from one to 10
That's
Dawn Abriel: Great.
Dawn Abriel: And your self esteem, how you feel about yourself.
TCL A501DL: It's pretty high.
Dawn Abriel: Gimme number
TCL A501DL: Eight.
Dawn Abriel: Okie doke.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I need to do a real long list. There are a couple of long list in this interview.
Dawn Abriel: This is for ongoing
Dawn Abriel: medical problems.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any ongoing problems.
No.
TCL A501DL: Now I don't have any ongoing problem. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So do you have, so let me read this hope you can stay on here long enough.
Dawn Abriel: Fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot. He didn't like red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision change in vision.
Dawn Abriel: difficulty hearing, hearing loss. Your drainage ringing in your ears bloody nose or chronic congestion. So lips are mouse or tongue shortness of breath cough or difficulty breathing chest pain.
Dawn Abriel: irregular heartbeat. Can't breathe when you're lying down.
Dawn Abriel: Swelling in your legs varicose veins, diarrhea, constipation,
TCL A501DL: No.
Dawn Abriel: Right. And, oops, I did the wrong one here.
Dawn Abriel: Are we connected
TCL A501DL: Yeah, we're connected
Dawn Abriel: Okay, why don't you take it off the video for right now.
Dawn Abriel: Do the physical physical exam.
TCL A501DL: You still hear me though.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Vomiting vomiting rectal pain, abdominal pain, pain, blood painful urination penalize into little change in hair skin and nail texture know new moles
Dawn Abriel: Muscle pain back pain points muscle cramps lamp headache vertigo lightheadedness fainting numbness, tingling, weakness, lack of coordination or difficulty speaking change in mood, depression, sadness, fearing with function anxiety nervousness sleep problems.
TCL A501DL: No have none of
Dawn Abriel: Suicide suicidal thoughts.
TCL A501DL: Hopelessness know
Dawn Abriel: Things are hearing things that other people don't or easy bruising.
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And are you on any prescription medicines right now.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any allergies to medicines.
Dawn Abriel: You were just all knows that's wonderful.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and tell me
Dawn Abriel: About tobacco in your life. When did you start. How much do you smoke.
TCL A501DL: Don't smoke, no matter what you did.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
TCL A501DL: What I did every day.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Do you eat healthy meals, more than or less than three fast foods, a week.
TCL A501DL: And yeah, I really don't eat fast food that much. I don't like it.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, you get regular exercise.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I work out every day.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I do have a household smoke detector.
TCL A501DL: Yes, I believe we do
Dawn Abriel: And you keep any guns in your home.
TCL A501DL: My father owns a couple weapons.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And is the are the guns in the ammunition kept in separate safes
TCL A501DL: Know,
Dawn Abriel: There are the are the guns kept in a safe.
TCL A501DL: They're kept the kept in a safe spot.
Dawn Abriel: I wonder what that means.
TCL A501DL: That
Dawn Abriel: That has a lock on it.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: But the ammunition is in there with it.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you wear your seat belts.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And are you sexually active.
TCL A501DL: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And you were your male and you identify as male
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Do you have. Did you ever use benzodiazepines recreationally like Xanax or Valium Zandi bars.
TCL A501DL: Oh no. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: You were born and raised where
TCL A501DL: Espanola New Mexico.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and your caffeine intake.
TCL A501DL: Drink coffee, coffee, coffee every morning. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And Cannabis, marijuana use you still smoke.
TCL A501DL: No, no more.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. When did you last use marijuana
TCL A501DL: The day before I got arrested.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you don't have children.
TCL A501DL: Know how
Dawn Abriel: To go in school.
TCL A501DL: Um, I graduated
Dawn Abriel: High School. Yeah. Okay. And so what kind of work have you done
TCL A501DL: Like job wise.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I used to work in
TCL A501DL: I used to work in fast food. And then I also after working in fast food. I work, I was a manager of a restaurant in Los Alamos, and then after that right now my current job is. I'm a tech for a shop.
Dawn Abriel: That's p it
Dawn Abriel: Yeah pit tech. So that's the person under the car in the
TCL A501DL: Yes, ma'am. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I thought I recognized it
Dawn Abriel: Use of methamphetamines
Know,
Dawn Abriel: Cocaine.
Dawn Abriel: And you you're not homeless. Right.
Dawn Abriel: No. What do you like to do for fun.
TCL A501DL: Um, I would put my dog. I like to work out. I like to work on vehicles arm.
TCL A501DL: Like hang out with my dad and talk to my father, hang out with my nieces.
TCL A501DL: And go hiking, enjoy the outdoors.
TCL A501DL: Welding
TCL A501DL: Shooting on doing
TCL A501DL: All that good stuff.
TCL A501DL: I can. Oh, sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Hanging out with friends. I'm glad I'm glad you have so many interests, that's
Dawn Abriel: really healthy, with whom do you live.
TCL A501DL: I live with my father at the moment.
Dawn Abriel: And your relationship status.
TCL A501DL: Like with a girlfriend, anything you
Dawn Abriel: Do you have a girlfriend.
TCL A501DL: No, I'm single.
Dawn Abriel: Okey doke.
Dawn Abriel: And let's do the family history is your mother alive and in good health.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And obviously your father is alive and he's in good health and you're an only child.
TCL A501DL: I know I'm the baby of three.
Dawn Abriel: So you have a sister.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I have two older sisters
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And is that for sister alive and in good health.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And the second sister.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect, and none of them have addiction problems or problems with alcohol.
TCL A501DL: My middle sister, the middle sister. She's addicted to heroin.
Dawn Abriel: Well, maybe you can get her into the program.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, gotta figure out something for
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Now, do you know how to get your pulse.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Dawn Abriel: So tell me when you have it. And I'll tell you when to start counting
TCL A501DL: I got it.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, start right
Dawn Abriel: Now,
Dawn Abriel: Stop.
Dawn Abriel: And how tall are you,
TCL A501DL: Five.
TCL A501DL: Or more, I believe I'm like 558 almost no I'm like 595 10 almost I believe
Dawn Abriel: In your current weight.
TCL A501DL: I believe it's 160 665 no more.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: I
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any tattoos.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I got a tattoo on my right shoulder.
Dawn Abriel: And was it professionally done
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: No complications.
No.
Dawn Abriel: All right now is the hard part. Because I've got a see you to
Dawn Abriel: Do the physical exam.
TCL A501DL: So her lovely let's hope hope it does it.
Let's
Dawn Abriel: Get real close to the camera and pull your eyelid down
Dawn Abriel: It's not. Oh, that's good. Okay, let go pull back.
Dawn Abriel: Make make your head go back away from the camera.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, OK.
Dawn Abriel: Now this isn't gonna work because you're it's to
Dawn Abriel: Go ahead and put it back on. Just audio.
Dawn Abriel: Because at least we get to stay connected
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: You're gonna which group. Are you coming to with one of your
TCL A501DL: Alma Mater probably end up having to do
TCL A501DL: The Tuesday one at seven o'clock in the morning.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And the agreement is if you have a slip. We're gonna put you on some medicine to take away the craving.
Dawn Abriel: You have to go to group every week.
Dawn Abriel: To stay in the good graces of the court.
Dawn Abriel: And and and you have to meet with one of your once a week. That's the, that's the contract, you're here with
Yeah. All right.
Dawn Abriel: So have you gone to get your labs drawn yet.
TCL A501DL: No, I haven't had a chance. Those are work yesterday and I haven't made an appointment quite yet.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, you usually don't have to make an appointment. If you go to a quest lab. I don't know. I know there's a couple of them in Santa Fe.
Dawn Abriel: If you go to a different loud. All you have to do is
Dawn Abriel: Call bright heart health and have them fax over the order. And so you have to get the fax number for the lab and
Dawn Abriel: They will fax
Dawn Abriel: Over the the hospital will do it. Also, you can, you're in Los Alamos know you're out you're Espanola
TCL A501DL: Yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, you can go to a hospital lab.
Dawn Abriel: Just tell bright heart health, where to fax the order
TCL A501DL: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you can see my screen right you can see me.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: Yes. Okay. Okay. So you're kind of frozen or freeze.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that's on your end, can you see this manila envelope.
TCL A501DL: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, that's going to be sent to you once a month, you have to do a urine drug screen every month, but when you get the package, do not open it say that back to me.
TCL A501DL: Until I'm in the virtual clinic. Right.
Dawn Abriel: That's right. That's right. And
And
TCL A501DL: Do you have my arm actual mailing address
TCL A501DL: Well,
TCL A501DL: We don't get nail at our physical residents. We have a P. O. Box.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so you have to get a special dispensation, you have, they have to set it up a special way for you. So we go back to the virtual clinic after we've talked and make sure it's an address that will take the urine drug screen.
TCL A501DL: All right.
Dawn Abriel: And did you already do the 10 questions the ACE study
TCL A501DL: Oh no I have not yet.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so that's real fast. It's just 10 questions when you go back to the virtual clinic, you already know how to do the BAM right the brief addiction monitor
TCL A501DL: Yeah, okay.
Dawn Abriel: So, have them show you how to do the ACE is just one time.
Dawn Abriel: And, you know, to come to the group without anyone in the background there can't be anyone in the room with you and I didn't know what you're going to do about this connection.
Dawn Abriel: I did talk with our head, an email with Monica your probation officer. And she said, you
Dawn Abriel: Can't tell ya, I can't tell how much you heard, not much. You didn't know your
TCL A501DL: Yeah, no, I heard, I might have to figure out something about the connection.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, cuz this this is not
Dawn Abriel: You're not getting the telemedicine, because you can't do the tele
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so you can go up to the courthouse, but I don't think even think they're open at seven o'clock in the morning, you're gonna have to figure out a way some way to get better connection.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I'll figure out some way. I mean, I could go to my workplace, which has Wi Fi and use one of the rooms that are sitting in the pen.
Dawn Abriel: As long as there isn't anyone around
TCL A501DL: All right.
I
Dawn Abriel: Mean you can imagine if someone accidentally saw your screen.
Dawn Abriel: And recognize someone in the group.
Dawn Abriel: You know, on that you wouldn't want that to happen to you. Right.
TCL A501DL: Someone says, I don't understand.
Dawn Abriel: James is in that therapy group.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any questions.
TCL A501DL: No, I don't.
Dawn Abriel: Well, that was the worst physical exam. I've ever done.
Dawn Abriel: I'm gonna take your word for it that you're real healthy
TCL A501DL: Yeah. Yeah, I'm pretty healthy
Dawn Abriel: Okay, okay. We'll see you Tuesday morning
Dawn Abriel: So you've got
Dawn Abriel: You've got a way to set alarms and you're, you're going to make it.
TCL A501DL: Yes, I'll make it
Dawn Abriel: Okay, James. Have a good Sunday good rest.
TCL A501DL: Bye Bye bye.
Dawn Abriel: Alright, I'm this is the fourth time I've seen him. So I'm just going to
Dawn Abriel: Assume that all of this is normal.
Dawn Abriel: The mood and aspect was
Dawn Abriel: Normal and his insight was
Dawn Abriel: Appropriate
Dawn Abriel: This
Dawn Abriel: Encounter
Dawn Abriel: And if you'll fill in the few bubbles that there are
Dawn Abriel: You should be good to go. Thank you.